# Trojan Horse
Category: Geospatial OSINT
Type: Automatic
Flag: `CYBAR{SWAGS}`
Points: 125
Difficulty: Easy
Status: Playable after CTF

## Summary
Players should use directional and navigational skills to locate a horse. When faced with partial information, think outside the box to get an answer from all angles.

## Description
It's 12:57am. You get an SMS from your red team manager - **"Hey, we have a situation... Call me."**. 

Stepping out of bed and into the sleepy lights of the city, you tighten your hoodie and hit call. - **"Hey. So a crime-stoppers report just came in, and apparently a passerby spotted a roomba trying to implant a consciousness into a... yeah this is going to sound weird... horse. Said something like 'the horse had a name on its side', but couldn't remember what. He said it was no more than 200m past the BP Petrol station in Mansfield, VIC on his way to Mt Buller. Located on the side of the road. Find the horse, find what name was on its coat. Once you've done that, we can put out an All-Points Bulletin for it."**

Find and submit the name on the horses' coat to notify local law enforcement in the area.
 
## Solution
Use google maps to find the BP Station at Mansfield. Looking in the direction of Mt Buller, use street view to virtually 'walk' down the street. A horse is visible, but its coat name blurred out. Continue forward a few metres and look at the horse from the opposite direction. You should see the coat with the name 'swags'.

## Intended Tools
Google Maps / Street View