# Fake News
Category: GENERAL

Type: Automatic

Flag: `CYBAR{14}`

Points: 650

Difficulty: Medium

Status: Playable after CTF ends

## Summary
The number of people in certain areas around the city are tracked, recorded and available for public view. These are sensors provided by the City of Melbourne.

## Description
We've just received a report of The Daily News publishing an article that is causing a lot of concern and fear in the public. Given its wording and theme, we are sure it's fake news generated by the Roomba. However, TDN will not disclose their source. Here's the article, we need you to find the exact number of people that went through Southern Cross Station at the exact time referenced so we can determine if the article is fake. SX Station has released a statement saying that all footage of that night has been deleted so we can't rely on visuals.

Article text: **"Wild scenes as 40 people confirmed to be infected with COVID-19 ran through Southern Cross Station at 4:00am on Friday, the 28th of February 2020. The frightening witness account has caused panic buying at stores around the country as people prepare to stay indoors. Our source confirms they were the only witness and that this infectious routine could be happening at other major transport venues through the country without the public's knowledge."**

Find the exact number of pedestrians that walked through Southern Cross Station that morning at 4am, on Friday, the 28th of February. 

Flag format: `CYBAR{x}` (digits only)

## Solution
Look up ways to count pedestrians in Melbourne. Players will find the Pedestrian Counting System and then locate the sensor for Southern Cross Station, and change the date and time accordingly:
http://www.pedestrian.melbourne.vic.gov.au/#date=28-02-2020&sensor=Col700_T&time=4

## Intended Tools
Search Engines