# Where in the world is Wuhan - Part II
Category: GENERAL
Type: Manual
Flag: (Provided by mod): `CYBAR{itsfake}`
Points: 675
Difficulty: Very Difficult
Status: Playable after CTF ends

## Summary
Using physical vectors, sometimes a location can be detected by its features. Other times, finding the source of the original image is just as important.

## Description
*ping*

**Subject:**
Possible compromise - Facebook superadmin account
**Message:**
Got it, thanks. We were right; breached in a few online dumps; trust Zuck to have "I_hate_myspace_tom" as his password. Long story short, we can link this to the breach. Problem is, we're unsure exactly which global node server the roomba's are going to target.

We did however find this image on the server, as the most recently changed file. It could be a geo-map of where they're planning to strike next, or it could simply be the ex-admin's next holiday destination. Either way, we need to know where that is NOW to start targeted keyword analysis. There's no metadata on this one - you're going to have to recognise the physical features.

Find the source of the image online, and I'll take care of the rest.

NOTE: This challenge is marked *manually*. It will state "incorrect", please ignore. PLEASE CONTACT A MOD WITH SCREENSHOT EVIDENCE WITH YOUR SUBMISSION.

## Solution
Conduct searches on the type of image style. Conduct reverse image searches via engines such as Yandex, using small specific snippets of elements in the image. Once found its a generated image by https://probabletrain.itch.io/.

## Intended Tools
Reverse Image Search
Paint/Image Tools
Logic googling