# Curious Case of COVID
Category: GENERAL

Type: Automatic

Flag: `CYBAR{151 access}`

Points: 725

Difficulty: Very Difficult

Status: Playable after CTF ends

Real Person or Ficticious: Real (Trace Labs Missing Person)

## Summary
Connect physical attributes that are moving/blurry with real locations in the wild. Use directional and navigational skills to orient oneself into the position of the vehicle, and then identify y our position.

## Description
We've received a report that a roomba has been detected travelling through Texas, USA. All we know is that they're likely between Houston, San Antonio or Austin. Which one, we don't know.

All we have is a video taken from inside the moving vehicle. You need to piece together the sourroundings to give us the exact road name they were travelling on.

Here is the recorded video: https://mega.nz/folder/E1lXzZYa#lZawGxAgr57-IKJPR8znhQ

For example, 16 Maple street would be: {16 Maple}

Flag format: `CYBAR{x x}`

[NOTE]: There are 5 attempts allowed for this challenge. If in doubt, PM a mod!

## Solution
Search all rollercoasters (yes, you probably tried bridges and sprinklers too!) until you find one that is similar, in the area of Houston, San Antonio or Austin.  

You can chop up the video frame by frame to identify their general charastersitcs. Then assess design and street view attributes, before looking at folioge, street signs and lightpoles to line up the distance with the video. 

Once this is done, identify your location and note that if is the particular street as TEXAS 151 Access Road.

## Intended Tools
Google Street View
Google Earth/Maps
Search Engines
Video/Image Editing Software